rosita stotridge: How are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good. You know, you're kind of late, Miss Rosie.
rosita stotridge: No, I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Because I was just about to tell them that if she shows up. I'm not going to see her because she's late so you made it right in the nick of time you're saved by the bell, Laura.
Richelle Direny: So what's going on. It's just been a hectic.
rosita stotridge: Few days my car, my mom.
rosita stotridge: She my I had lost my key to my car and my car was in my mom's driveway and it's a BMW and it's a stick shift and automatic all together and it
rosita stotridge: Locked up. You can't move it at all, but hell we had it, she could get by but Heller job boy is you should have had a went off the gravel, just a little bit.
rosita stotridge: Everyone else could got bought, but she just she felt like she needed. She had it told on me and I was coming over that it happened that Eva evening and I was coming over to
rosita stotridge: Get it the next morning, but by the time I got there, I think I got there 1010 to 11 o'clock, and she had already had it towed
Richelle Direny: So, so your car was at. So hold on. Don't you live with your bow.
rosita stotridge: Ass day. Well, I was staying with my mom, but I'm staying with my fiance also
So it's, yeah, it's, it's complicated.
Richelle Direny: So you're so your car being parks at your mom's house she had
Richelle Direny: Told because she needed to get by.
rosita stotridge: Yeah, she said she didn't have enough for him to be able to get by. So she got it towed
It craziness.
Richelle Direny: And then
rosita stotridge: And the car. The car isn't in a my name. It's in my fiance. He's dad's name.
Richelle Direny: And he was
rosita stotridge: He just recently got married. So he was in Ohio, and we was waiting on he went up to he's moved his wife lived in Ohio. So they're moving her down here to Tennessee and we had to wait till he got here, so he could go get it out of the impound and
rosita stotridge: Yeah, just one thing after another, the vehicle that we was that we're driving now where my car got impounded the clutch went out of it. It's just been one thing out of another for making it though. I got it.
Richelle Direny: So now the outside the cars parks where you, where you are. No.
rosita stotridge: No, it's still an impound right now. I'm hoping to get it tomorrow. I wasn't able to make it over there today to get it.
Richelle Direny: Beating. Excuse me. You're not leading I can't hear you. I said your neck is your neck bleeding.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: Oh no shadow shadow of my hair. Oh, okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm so
Richelle Direny: So now, I mean, I know. Don't your, your family is not very fond of your fiance. Yes, exactly. And so you think that that's really what kind of escalated the whole thing to getting tone.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Yes. So how are you, how are you able to cope with that whole situation, given that they are not very fond of
rosita stotridge: Its I'm learning specially try not to use. It's
rosita stotridge: It's very hard. It's
Because it's like I'm torn between the two. But I just got to
rosita stotridge: My mom is a very difficult person.
To
Richelle Direny: Your mom has your children right your mom and your sister and the ones that my sister has custody of my children.
rosita stotridge: But my mom, my sister. Let's my kids go to my mom's and stay like she shouldn't be the judge. The judge knew how my sister was letting the kids go stay with my mom, it wouldn't it wouldn't fly.
rosita stotridge: Because I even asked at one point in time. If cuz I gotta be supervised with my visitations with my kids.
rosita stotridge: So I had asked if my mom could be the one that supervised the visitations with me and my kids because I could tell when my sister Monica was in the room with us. My kids would hesitate before they would
rosita stotridge: Ask me to do something or wanting wanted my affection or something. I could say I hesitate. They could they would hesitate on it.
rosita stotridge: But with my mom around. They didn't do you know they didn't act like that. So I had asked that I gotta Milan him and my lawyer and my sister and her husband and my mom could supervisor visitations my sister's said no, she didn't want my mom to do the
rosita stotridge: Super supervisor visitations because my mom was the tough person if you give her and she'll take it a mile, but that's the only. That's how I do see my kids is through my mom. I never really I've done like to visitations with my sister with my kids. The rest is with my mom.
rosita stotridge: But my sister didn't want to put that down on in the court papers. When I asked for it. My sister didn't want it.
For it. Yeah.
It's a mass
Richelle Direny: It seems like you didn't you have court sometime or something.
No.
Richelle Direny: I didn't you say something about like you have a care plan or something that you had to do that you wanted to for us to work on or
rosita stotridge: Yes, I do want to go, I want to go File for a new petition on the kids, I gotta go File for a new whole new petition on him.
Richelle Direny: And that petition is for you to gain
Richelle Direny: Gain my custody back. But then what the supervised visitation and everything that you're going through now. Isn't that part of it is that you're working on regaining custody.
rosita stotridge: No, that's just, that's just a care plan that they had come up with one my sister's GOT CUSTODY OF THE CHILDREN.
Richelle Direny: But even with that care plan isn't now part of it is that there. I mean, there is not an order in place for them to, um, for you to
Richelle Direny: lose custody for them to
Richelle Direny: What is it called
Richelle Direny: Like, you are not your, your care plan is for you to for unit working towards reunification, not for them to what is it called, I forgot what it's called the kit.
rosita stotridge: The care plan that the CPS had sit down with me and my sister and we come up with where my sister's against my fiance. They're trying to say he's got anger issues. So my sister wanted me to file for a
Richelle Direny: Look at calls called what witness protection. No, no protection know what they want you to fight for your fiance. He wants to she wants to file on the shining water.
rosita stotridge: It's basically like a restraining order. Yes, for me, she wants me to file a restraining order against Tim is what she's telling the judge and the
Richelle Direny: Father restraining order against him, you live with him because she's saying.
rosita stotridge: That she don't want the kids. She didn't want the kids around him. She is what she's saying that he has
Richelle Direny: What are the, what are they, his father or aren't he, the father of the children. Yes.
rosita stotridge: But he's not on their birth certificates, because I'm currently married
Richelle Direny: And yeah.
rosita stotridge: So he right now he has no he has no razzi at all.
Richelle Direny: legal rights to them because of the fact that so the father. Your husband.
Richelle Direny: Would say that he is not taking any custody and that that he is not the Father and He relinquished whatever rights to them and then the by his biological your fiance.
Richelle Direny: The what but then why would she want to create a she would want to file a restraining order.
rosita stotridge: Why would you want me to get a restraining order.
Richelle Direny: Yeah us. Yeah. Why would she, in general, even want to get a restraining order, whether it's you or get a restraining order.
rosita stotridge: Because her her in him. They have never got along. Never. And she just that something for her. She just used
rosita stotridge: She said that he has anger issues and she don't want him around the kids he has no domestic violence charges or there's nothing like that ever on him nothing like that. But that's what she's
rosita stotridge: And so they wanted me to do the restraining order. I had to regain my Lawson's
rosita stotridge: And I had to get a bigger home at the time, I had a three bedroom home so she said that I had had the judge wanted me to get a bigger home and for all the kids to resign and one home.
rosita stotridge: Because my oldest daughter was Dan with my biological mom through the week and going to school and on the weekends come into my house.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yes, I remember that. And then you said that your step mom who is a little bit on the younger side was I'm also helps your dad with the kids, right.
rosita stotridge: He'll yes with the other three
rosita stotridge: There's
Richelle Direny: A problem because of the fact that your sister doesn't care for your step mom. Yes.
rosita stotridge: So they got me on neglect, because where I live my step mom keep
rosita stotridge: Mom two youngest ones and but it wasn't like keep them permanently what nothing like it wasn't like that like that. It's like what my sister's basically tune with my mom right now.
rosita stotridge: So the judge got me for neglect said I had to get a bigger house for all the kids there is on and one home did that.
rosita stotridge: Right down I lost. I lost it because I felt like every way. I was turning. I was losing. So I did give up. Darren all this process, but at first I was fun.
rosita stotridge: When we first went to court. I was in a Suboxone clinic. I was at eight milligrams a day and I was coming down myself at the time I was only on, I think it was two or four milligram when I went up in front of the judge.
rosita stotridge: Had my drug test. Oh effects to her everything she still wasn't okay with it because my sister and my and my dad sister was going against the Suboxone Sam where I have been into treatment for so long that
rosita stotridge: They basically say that abuse it.
rosita stotridge: That I'm just trading one drug for another, they don't agree on methadone or Suboxone they ain't no okay with that treatment at all so judge Simmons had ordered for me to get out of Suboxone treatment.
rosita stotridge: And I had to do a
rosita stotridge: Alcohol and drug is set assessment, they're rich of you. So I had done my rich of US thing I had done the bigger house I had about the bigger house.
Richelle Direny: And
rosita stotridge: Oh, I had to get a job she ordered. I wasn't working at the time either associated order for me to get a job. I had got me a job.
rosita stotridge: But they were still taking taken against me because of where my sister is saying that
My fiance.
Has anger issues.
Richelle Direny: Um, so it seems like I mean your challenges and your challenges is always going to be
Richelle Direny: Your sister you not just regaining some type of
Richelle Direny: Costs to me or to develop a relationship with your children, it's always going to be your sister will always be some type of hindrance or block to them.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But with even. That being said,
Richelle Direny: Do you feel like you're not equipped are capable of me, I'm
Richelle Direny: Challenging or fighting your sister and being successful in regaining custody of your children.
Know what I know I could do it.
And I know what good is just
rosita stotridge: Being able to fund just funded and myself to know to as I don't have a lawyer. I ain't gonna be able to do the same and
Richelle Direny: And right now, so you would have to get legal aid involved in order to do that.
rosita stotridge: Legal Aid called legal aid if they don't help in custody battles.
Richelle Direny: Oh, they don't. But then, okay, what is your worker saying because like at this point. It doesn't seem like it's much of what your sister wants her what she says it's a lot more of your, your arm. It's a lot more of your CPS worker.
rosita stotridge: Is the CPS worker. She I try this. Like, I tried to call my CPS worker and she she wouldn't answer the phone, they assigned me a new one. The last time I had went to court and
rosita stotridge: Cuz Miranda. The last one I had, I can never get ahold of her never and my sister even verify that in court because my sister had tried to get hold over cuz
rosita stotridge: Where my sister lived in Nashville. It wasn't just the BS that got involved. It was
Something else I can't think of the name.
rosita stotridge: But my sister, trying to get new and and Maria, then they could not get whatever. So they give me a new CPS worker and she basically
rosita stotridge: Told me as I didn't get the restraining
Richelle Direny: If I didn't do the restraining order against
rosita stotridge: Doing that I was going against the plan that my sister was one
rosita stotridge: They didn't really give me a choice and much innocence.
Richelle Direny: But I thought that your CPS workers who comes up with a plan, how does your sister get to be a part of the creation
rosita stotridge: It was me. My sister in the CPS worker. I'll sit down in one room.
Richelle Direny: Oh, and they came up with the plan of what you're doing. Yes. And you agreed to not have
rosita stotridge: Yeah i said i
Said,
rosita stotridge: I said, I'll do the job. I said at the time.
rosita stotridge: I was only like I said I was going on the store to milligram at the time. So I said they would want me to do that via the trial chart is what Judge Simmons was kind of more going after my sister didn't want me to do the
rosita stotridge: Big Trouble shot at all. She just wanted me to not you know nothing but
rosita stotridge: I said know about the rabbit trail shot. I said, I'm only at two or four milligram. I said I'll quit this a box. And I said, I'll do get the job. I'll get the bigger house. I said, but I want to work out where their, their dad is involved. That's it. I've
rosita stotridge: Never done nothing out of the way, not to be around these kids.
Richelle Direny: And so you're torn between
Richelle Direny: Your
rosita stotridge: Your really dark. I can't see you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on a second, hold on.
That's better.
Richelle Direny: So, the sun is setting behind me, I guess.
Richelle Direny: I think that's
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, no. I was saying. So you're you're torn between two places because you're fighting to regain custody of your children. And it seems like you're also fighting to maintain the relationship with your fiance.
Richelle Direny: But you have to it mean
Richelle Direny: Does you regaining custody of your children from a CPS standpoint, does that I'm
Richelle Direny: Maintaining this relationship with your fiance does that
Richelle Direny: Does that relationship kind of hampers put a hamper or the damper on you regain custody to hold on. Yes, it does. Yes. So you're sold, then it's so then do you think like at this point you're fighting a losing battle.
Sometimes I do
Sometimes it feels that way a lot. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what do you want to do, because it's really, it's really
Richelle Direny: I mean, it sounds like you can fight and it sounds like the possibilities of you getting your children back. It is a possibility. I'm not necessarily strictly under her terms. But, you know,
Richelle Direny: If I can get a lawyer.
rosita stotridge: Able to get someone on my side and helped me build my page.
rosita stotridge: I didn't I, when I went in.
rosita stotridge: Not knowing nothing. I mean, I didn't know
Richelle Direny: Why do they not want him around his own children.
rosita stotridge: They just, that's just how they don't like him. They just don't want, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Not liking a person is not just, I mean he's their father. So, what, what, what is it that the court of law is saying that says that this man can't be around his own children.
rosita stotridge: Where he worries, not on the birth certificate. He has no right to them.
rosita stotridge: You have no right to him whatsoever. Once
Richelle Direny: Because by because because legally, you're still married so because you're married. They're saying that he has no rights to him from a legal standpoint biological standpoint, they are his children.
Richelle Direny: But there that I'm trying to understand what is there were a court of law is saying that because let's just say he's he's your stepfather. Let's just say
Richelle Direny: Why is it a court of law is in agreement with your sister to say that they side with her that he is seeing that they're signing with her CPS who is doing is, is who
Richelle Direny: Are dispatched to do an investigation for them to have you, where you have a care plan that you're working towards. What is it that they're saying we're collectively, they're all saying
rosita stotridge: They're, they're saying that he's domestic violence and he used to use a via user
Richelle Direny: Okay, he being a user. So, okay, he has a history of domestic violence against
rosita stotridge: Julio no no charges, but he has no charges no records of any of this.
Richelle Direny: But remember,
rosita stotridge: By hearsay on what my sister is saying.
Richelle Direny: What remember
Richelle Direny: It's called child protective services, the state is saying that they need to protect the children. The children are their number one concern.
Richelle Direny: For them to pull out an allegation based on what you're saying would be an allegation that he has a history of domestic violence, there has to be some evidence of something to say or in the pet that says that, number one, because I can say
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: You know what Rosita, you're a heroin user. How do you know that you've never tested positive. I've never seen it. I'm never did. There's no evidence of it. Nowhere. Anywhere. Anywhere your history.
Richelle Direny: How am I going to being a heroin addict, all because you look like a heroin addict know that no, you can chart. You can put that on a person. You look like a heroin addict. So then therefore juice bar.
Richelle Direny: There has to be something that pays for them. You feel because, I mean, I don't think it you know any state is any different when it comes on to children, their first go to is not to remove the children from the home if they're removing the children from the home.
rosita stotridge: Or nothing never come into my home or nothing. Never notified me never come into my home and done a drug test. Nothing. They just took my kid they
Richelle Direny: Were you here. Okay, so he is. He has a history of being an addict.
Richelle Direny: You have a history right now is it that they're saying that you've abandoned the kids were in in your active addiction, you've left the kids home or you did not provide sufficient whether its food or whatever it is you did not
rosita stotridge: Worried about that sufficient food that's where she got me on neglect because my
rosita stotridge: half sister Jasmine was telling my sister, which is my step mom would have spoke up in court on all this, it would have helped me so much, but she did in that and my sister toe to toe dead Simmons AMA Bosco father had said that I wouldn't he'll pay with diapers, or formula.
rosita stotridge: Which
Richelle Direny: I did there has to be more again for them to remove the children from your home and give your sister or anybody else temporary custody.
Richelle Direny: And come up with a care plan. It's that they're there something that they were able to to hold you on so okay there's neglect I come in and as a as a as a worker social worker. I come in and I do my investigation and based on my investigation. It's not that there was not
Richelle Direny: An adequate amount of food. There were more than one things. And then I said hey Rosita, these are these are grounds to have your child removed.
rosita stotridge: They never come into my home. Nobody ever come into my home and looked and looked in that. And the only thing that had only thing about said was that I would leave my children. I'd like let's say out of a week they would stay at my dad's four days maybe five days out of the week.
rosita stotridge: And then come with me and then they would be with me a week, maybe four or five days. Then go back
rosita stotridge: And during this time if they needed diapers, or formula or anything like that. I provided I give it to them.
rosita stotridge: But my dad is saying that I didn't, I didn't provide he had to provide for them. So she she got me on neglect because I left the children at my dad's house too long of a time I went on a period of time. And because I didn't provide diapers and formula.
Richelle Direny: What exactly is your kid in your care plan. What exactly are you following to be able to work towards reunification.
Richelle Direny: Because right now, you're under supervised visits. So, Ms me to a place for if they're thinking there's something more if they're saying that you have to have supervised visits.
rosita stotridge: I don't know. Nobody, that's just, I have no idea.
Richelle Direny: You know what, what do you mean you don't know what's in your plan in the plan. Only thing.
rosita stotridge: It has stated is
rosita stotridge: I get the job.
I don't go, I don't know. I got my safe with me. I've got my plan. I wish I had it with me.
rosita stotridge: I have to get it. I had to get a job.
Richelle Direny: Do you have a job. No, I think.
rosita stotridge: Again, I was working at his home health care, but I just felt like I wasn't getting nowhere felt like I was, you know, when a sinking ship. Oh, I won't want to win the battle. I just give up and started using again.
Richelle Direny: What kind of job you had
rosita stotridge: And it was home health care.
Richelle Direny: What were you doing
rosita stotridge: I was going in and sit and and helping taking care of an elderly person.
Richelle Direny: And what happened with that job. Excuse me. What happened with that.
I could get to draw. I could go back and get it today. I just I just quit basically
Richelle Direny: Because you felt like you were in a sinking ship.
rosita stotridge: I just let go, wow, cuz that was I got the bigger house. And when all this was happening. I would live in a three bedroom trailer and when they took the kids as I was trying to fight for my kids back I had got the job with the home health care. I had rented a four bedroom house.
rosita stotridge: I had done the rigid view is self assessment.
rosita stotridge: And I quit my Suboxone
rosita stotridge: We had went back to court.
rosita stotridge: judge him and said that the kids was doing so good at my sister's because my oldest she did. She went up in her grades and stuff like that in school right in
rosita stotridge: judge him and said, where the kids was doing so good at my sisters that they wanted to continue the plan of them being at my sisters
rosita stotridge: And for my sister. It was all my sisters just up to my sister's discretion on how she let me see the kids as I had my law, your step up and ask for for more visitation four hours out of a month isn't enough. It just isn't
rosita stotridge: As I said video call the kids and my sister said, where she you know has a busy schedule. It's very hard. When I don't call it was that
rosita stotridge: At certain times if they was doing this or doing that. So as. Could it be on a certain day, me and my sister, make a plan on a certain day a certain time or a video called and my sister kicked against that my sister didn't want to agree on that, because she said it made the kids.
rosita stotridge: Upset wanted it is very hard to get them calm down.
rosita stotridge: One of them neglect things to the kids and the kids want an update on our show. Monica about them that they did on their show
That was another thing only neglect to this.
Show.
Richelle Direny: Well, they weren't updated on their, their vaccines. Yeah. And so they got you for not doing that. Yeah, that wasn't part of the neglect. Yeah. So how long has this been going on. How long has your sister had custody of
rosita stotridge: A year and three months.
Richelle Direny: And in, in the year in three months as she's had them what at what point did you relapse meaning like you, you said like what you said you gave up.
rosita stotridge: That last time we went to court, last time we went to court. They said that they was given food jurisdiction of capacity to my sister and I would have to work on my care plan to
Regain custody, they grant and my sister full custody.
And when they done that.
I just
I just lost it.
Richelle Direny: And this is after you relapse strike that be granted her full custody. They yesterday during the her full custody at relaxed I quit my job. I started using
rosita stotridge: I'll often often house. I got it.
I just acquit I just quit.
And
rosita stotridge: What made me wake up and realize a condo very when I lost my place when I lost the house and I saw Kaylee. My oldest
rosita stotridge: She's not happy. Like I said, my sister, she
rosita stotridge: She goes, and she leaves on she told the judge that my mom's house was livable for my oldest that it wasn't suitable for
rosita stotridge: There's nothing changed about my mom's house since the time that all is up until now, and my sister lives in a week to two weeks at a time and my mom.
And
rosita stotridge: I can start seeing the the hurt the resentment with my oldest and then I know I have to pull out of this. I have to get her. I have to, I have to get my children back. I've got to have them home.
Richelle Direny: But the question is, you just said earlier.
Richelle Direny: That in order for you to regain custody of them.
Richelle Direny: It seems like for some of it is contingent upon the relationship with your fiance and right now it seems to be weighing in the balance.
Richelle Direny: That it's always going to be that cloud like you're saying you have to get them back. You want to get them back if it
rosita stotridge: Comes down to it, I would, I would have to get not on my own place and start on my own and get the kids and then start the battle on here.
rosita stotridge: But right now, the most important is for me to do my own battle on getting the kids. I think that would be the best thing to do on regaining custody of them once I get them back then start trying to work with the court somehow to get him involved.
Richelle Direny: But if you truly believe that you have to own it, you have to start by owning that you have to believe like this is really what it's like saying that I want to make this change. What are you willing to
Do
In order to get
Richelle Direny: Your phone ringing
Richelle Direny: Yeah, sorry about that either. Yeah. Um, it's you. It's looking at what is it that you're willing to do to be able to get the kids back and why I mean that's a decision you have to make. I'm not trying to
Richelle Direny: Let you know, hey, maybe you need to end the relationship. By no means. And that's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying. Review your care plan. What is the hinderance what's what is weighing in the bouncer saying that
Richelle Direny: It seems like you're on. You're on a ship by yourself with him and everything you want is on this other ship.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: There is no in between. It's either is one one or the other. And what's on this ship. You're saying
Richelle Direny: It sounds. It sounds to me like what's in between. It is your is the court system and the court system is saying this is what you need to do. This is the plan, you need to work in order to get it back. But the only way you can do that.
Richelle Direny: Is you have to make some hard decisions.
rosita stotridge: They wouldn't they no way around like where they know kind of domestic violence charges and any kind of way, they no way that we could go in together and thought to try. I would have to do it separately on what
Richelle Direny: We
Think
Richelle Direny: The same
rosita stotridge: Every road that every person I talked to and every Rose did I keep turn into to draw. That's the same outcome I get
I got to do it alone.
Richelle Direny: Because if what because it regardless of you're trying to fight.
Richelle Direny: You're trying to fight a battle that you know going in, you're going to lose.
Richelle Direny: It's like, you know, you're going to lose it. But yet, you're trying, you're getting frustrated. You're getting overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: You're feeling hopeless. You feel like you're losing the battle, but then everybody on the outside is looking at you like, I mean, why did you even go, you're gonna lose the battle. And in this case, you're trying to
Richelle Direny: Maintain a living relationship.
Richelle Direny: With someone
Richelle Direny: Where the courts to saying that can happen.
Richelle Direny: If you're seeing that part of your care plan is that you need to get a job, you need to get your own place. You need to show stability for X amount of time.
Richelle Direny: Um, and that this individual that's in the picture is part of the reason why I don't know if that's what the course is saying you have to make a very hard decision.
Richelle Direny: We're saying regaining trust. Hmm, that's
rosita stotridge: That's exactly what they said.
Richelle Direny: If you're saying regaining custody of your children is is is a life for you right now. It's all that's weighing on your mind. And that's what you want.
Richelle Direny: Because remember, they have not taken away your paternal rights they have not I'm revolts your rights as a parent.
Richelle Direny: They have not said that your children are going off for custody. I do know that every now and again they keep they keep reviewing the plan.
Richelle Direny: they renew it they add something they take away, whatever it is. But after a while they say if you have until this time. And if you don't do this, then they're taking your rights away. You have to decide.
Richelle Direny: It's been a year and a half, as your sister file a petition to gain custody of your children and for your rights to be revolt.
Richelle Direny: She has. Yeah. And what what happened.
rosita stotridge: They, the last time the last court date that we had when on all this, they give her full custody.
Richelle Direny: No, no, she still has she doesn't have
Richelle Direny: full custody means that you've lost your parents or rights.
rosita stotridge: That is the last thing that
rosita stotridge: That was blessing that got told I haven't got
Richelle Direny: It was your was your rights revolt. Like, are you still meeting with a CPS worker or
Richelle Direny: So CPS is completely out of your life right now. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: When did this happen.
rosita stotridge: Back in
Richelle Direny: December of 2019 2020
rosita stotridge: Or
rosita stotridge: Sorry.
Richelle Direny: Um, so, in December of 2019 you're saying that you're no longer working or care plan. No.
Richelle Direny: So it sounds then based on what you're saying. It sounds like you've that you've written your you you've lost rights based on
Richelle Direny: Yeah, your parental rights are revoked.
rosita stotridge: Yeah, completely. I just get visitations with him.
Richelle Direny: So then that has nothing to do with um if you get visitations with them. It means that your sister is allowing you to see them. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Has nothing words know that this
rosita stotridge: The court, the courts, get my sister full discretion to do
Richelle Direny: So technically, your sister has adopted all of your children so so legally
Yeah, there
rosita stotridge: She has an adopted them yet. They said that I can eat. They said, I still have enough time to go do a petition against her to get them back.
Richelle Direny: So okay, so your rights were revolt. Now they're up for adoption.
Richelle Direny: And
rosita stotridge: Apparently,
Richelle Direny: So the, so you have to know where
Richelle Direny: You have to know what exactly you're fighting for, because if your rights were fully revoked. If your rights in his rights were fully revoked.
Richelle Direny: And they are up because once your rights are revolt. Now they're up for adoption.
Richelle Direny: And if they're up for adoption, your sister has full custody of them right now. They're up for adoption.
Richelle Direny: If she's working on gaining and doing the paperwork and doing everything that's necessary for her to get adoption to get them to adopt them.
Richelle Direny: And if they're saying like the limbo in between that is that they're giving you the opportunity to petition to regain
Richelle Direny: Get your rights back, but this is the thing. My understanding of your rights being revoked. You must assign some people are saying that you're you're you're giving up your rights. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No paperwork.
Richelle Direny: You sure that you never signed anything. Mm hmm. So then you need to speak with I'm
Richelle Direny: Like you said, a lawyer or you need to speak to somebody or you need to see the paperwork.
Richelle Direny: To know exactly what the paperwork sense
rosita stotridge: I should be able to call tell services setting up and then directly to
rosita stotridge: Someone it's over this case.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, or your or your, your work or the worker that you had
Richelle Direny: Well,
rosita stotridge: The one I had she she wasn't worth nothing I could never get a hold of this woman. I mean, never so her and her name was Miranda
rosita stotridge: So I'll do out
Richelle Direny: Because it sounds like even though they're up for adoption. It sounds like your sister is still allowing you to be active part of their lights. Their, their life.
YEAH, AND I STILL GET MY visitations, I felt like it was no visitations with them.
Richelle Direny: And how do you visit with them.
rosita stotridge: at home moms.
Richelle Direny: And how often do you do that.
Richelle Direny: Um, basically, whenever, whenever my mom has them.
rosita stotridge: On, make sure to go over at least you know what the Court says, but when my mom's going on in my
Yeah.
rosita stotridge: Led to save my mom had on all week. I would go there probably two or three times a week.
rosita stotridge: And I can stay on that with someone. Yeah. I stayed on that was on that my mom.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you need to speak with I would definitely recommend that you wouldn't need to speak with the caseworker or someone over the case, just to kind of see what you're saying is trying to regain
Richelle Direny: Custody of them.
Richelle Direny: Understand, exactly, because this is what it sounds like. It sounds like almost like you're setting yourself up somewhat for failure or a battle that you're not going to win because you're you're you're
Richelle Direny: You showed up to a fight about you showed up to a battle and the gate was already closed all that they need to be in the battle is it is there, and the gate is already closed.
rosita stotridge: I'll call them first thing in the morning.
Richelle Direny: So you need to know what you're up against you in order to make an effective plan. You need to know exactly what you're up against you need to know the exact details.
Richelle Direny: You need to know what your stance is you need to know what it is that they have against you, why you're not able to regain custody. You need to know all of that.
Richelle Direny: Because I mean, if you're saying, hey, you know, shall I need, I need you to help me to get through this process understand this process, but then you don't really have you're not sharing necessarily the full details of it because the plans is in the details. It's understanding the details.
rosita stotridge: I'm going to end the morning. I'm going to come up the APS I'm going to look for my I'm going to get into my face and look because I've got a paper of mine copy of my
rosita stotridge: Care plan.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
rosita stotridge: And I'll get that out. And can I cut enabled call you to more. Do I have to wait until we have another session.
Richelle Direny: What's happening on a call on
rosita stotridge: I'll call them in the morning I say they open it not, let's say nine 839 o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, call them in the morning.
Richelle Direny: And then I'm
Richelle Direny: Call them in the morning. Get all the details. Find out what's going on. Then let me know. Send me a message, let me know. And then we can meet for maybe 30 minutes tomorrow, but let me know so I can figure out what time based on my schedule my calendar.
rosita stotridge: I won't have the phone tomorrow. So how can I watch your email.
Richelle Direny: It's what is this
Richelle Direny: Is our
Richelle Direny: di di IR E and y e okay he
rosita stotridge: Or
Richelle Direny: D as in dog. So our
Richelle Direny: Dog i r
Richelle Direny: E and y
Richelle Direny: Okay at Bret Hart.
Richelle Direny: Bret Hart health com
Richelle Direny: Now when you say you're not going to have the phone tomorrow you're sharing a phone.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'll have my laptop tomorrow. Okay, yeah, you could send you could send it
Richelle Direny: Send me an email and then we'll go from there. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And then when you send me the message and then we can go from there in terms of setting some another appointment up right, you're going to have your phone for an appointment on Wednesday. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So let's talk more on
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow, when I hear back from you. Okay. All right.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Rosie. So let's talk some our senior show. You're welcome.